 This is an incomplete rendition of a novel I discontinued
 working on some time ago because of writer's block. I'll try to
 continue it sometime soon. I don't think the plot is too bad.
 The story's about a historian who stumbles upon the secret of
 a hidden tomb when he meets with one of his clients, and the
 plot develops from there. Of course, some historical facts are
 exaggerated or falsi ed to fall in line with the tone of the story.
 I'll be sure to include as much accurate Canadian information
 as possible.

Lucas Waterford was starting his rst shift of the day. The
 professor strode down the hall to his o ce at the main
 exhibit. He donned a pair of darkish blue leggings and
 sported a brown jumper. On his head, he wore a rather worn
 fedora with a crease neatly bifurcating the crown of the hat
 down the middle, where it continued until it met with a
 feather resting carelessly against the lapel of his hat. Resting
 against the collar of his jumper was a pair of bifocals. To
 some it would seem that he didn’t care about his
 appearance. On the contrary. His choice of wardrobe merely
 re ected his aloof personality; he wriggled into whatever
 article of clothing he thought t him right.

 As the professor turned the corner to the exhibit, he took
 note of the wall on his left. It was in worse shape than one
 would expect. Open cracks randomly blotted the edges of its
 tiles like blood splatter on a windowsill. The words inscribed
 on the plaque drilled into the wall’s edge were faded. The
 face of its inscription had something to do with
 commemorating the long time partnership between Jean
 Vanier and the founder of the museum the professor worked
 on call at. This wing of the building hadn’t been actively
 maintained, let alone renovated, for quite some time as one
 could tell. The museum Waterford worked at wasn’t
 particularly of note. Not of any prestigious notice, at least. 

So
 there was not much of an obligation to preserve the look and
 feel of the history it embodied were it not for its lack of
 visitors.

 The museum itself was located in a rather dogged part of
 town; some wonder how o cials even managed to get the
 zoning clearance to build a museum there in the first place.
 
Not that those questions were relevant to its history. In fact,
 the area of the town the museum resided in currently was
 once the center of an economic boom propagated by oil, for
 the province of Saskatchewan, something the latter is not
 known for. The oil reserves Saskatchewan held in its depths
 paled in comparison to its Western cousin Alberta. Despite
 this, people skilled enough in the oil trade beforehand got
 rich like nobody’s business overnight.

 In truth, Saskatchewan had always had a burgeoning oil
 industry. It’s the only province besides Alberta to hold any
 signi cant oil reserves. It was holding steady and slowly
 gaining, but much of its attention was usurped by Alberta’s
 success in the same eld in the fties and sixties. The Leduc
 Oil Fields became a household name even outside of Alberta.
 Eager investors yearning to cash in on the various economic
 opportunities as they presented themselves headed their
 business wayward for Alberta, and Saskatchewan’s industry
 was left all but repentant.

 Maybe it wasn’t meant to work out so well for Saskatchewan.
 Besides, it was more commonly associated with grain
 production and harvest than anything else. Oil had always
 been a lucrative business when it came to Saskatchewan.
 Well, people were starting to realize, the oil boom had turned
 things around for it. It certainly seemed so. Because oil was
 known to be readily available, many purchased it straight
 from the supplier, Sask. Oil Co., to run factories for grain
 production, maintain the elevators leading down to the
 potash mines, and pursue alternative methods for electrical
 power.

 Slowly with time, one of the towns, Huttington, had become
 the forefront of oil-powered investment opportunities and
 trade. Its gross domestic product was the fourth highest in all
 of Canada by the 1970s, and it boasted as being the “Oil
 Capital” of the world due to it seemingly achieving this title in
 a matter of just ve short years, its production and re nery
 of oil outstripping even that of Alberta’s. Perhaps this
 unanticipated excitement exposed people to the fact -
unfortunately after the fact -- that few had formulated any
 trade plans capable of weathering the storm of economic
 turbulence.

 The reason behind the aptly named “Yellow Crisis” was clear
 cut: Saskatchewan was producing oil on a level far above
 what they thought they could support. However, within seven
 years following what seemed to be a God-given miracle, it
 was apparent that their oil basins had been practically
 sucked dry: the supply couldn’t keep up with the demand.
 According to basic economics, it reasonably follows that if a
 commodity is in short supply, demand for it will increase.
 Thus, higher demand drives up the purchase price of the
 good.

 However, basic economics also assumes that demand will
 keep increasing for as long as there is a supply insofar the
 supplier’s knowledge that there is a constant stream of commodities to be exhausted. What happened for
 Saskatchewan, in this case was that it wasn’t aware that it
 had run out of oil until it attempted to extract oil that was no
 longer there. Therefore, demand could no longer drive itself
 higher because there was no supply to encourage bids.
 Prices immediately fell and worried residents pulled out of
 Huttington and headed back to “Good ‘ol Alberta” faster then
 a waiting getaway car pulling out of park.

 The area around Huttington couldn’t support the rich
 infrastructure sewn into it by previous investors, so they had
 to liquidate failing companies for the most cash they could
 manage. The revenue from the sales of these liquidations
 was diverted to the mayoral council’s budget. Most of the
 buildings that housed various oil operations were
 demolished. The remaining ones were sold o piece by piece.
 The council had squandered its revenue on local tax cuts for
 the wealthy and pandered to the whims of the rich while
 neglecting the everyday citizens they were elected to serve.
 They were ousted out of its position and left behind a legacy
 of debauchery. The current council had majorly revamped
 the economy and had been running the town for twenty
 years straight.

 The professor hoped he could switch locations soon because
 he was paid on commission and his salary did not fare well
 with such a low visitor prospect. That’ll have to wait another
 day, he told himself. As he neared the door of his o ce, he
 noticed a person standing outside. A woman with her hair
 tied up in a bun, with clear-rimmed glasses and donning a
 cocktail dress – highly unusual for this setting – saw him
 approach and walked toward him. “Professor Waterford,” the
 woman greeted him rather impatiently, “one of your clients
 called. He said it’s urgent.” “What about?” asked the
 professor. “He called to ask if you could present his ndings
 with him at the next Aberdale County Historical Summit next
 week.”

 “Sheesh, with my schedule, I don’t think I’d be able to nd the
 time to t him in,” he quipped sarcastically. “No, of course I
 can present with him. Just tell him to call me and we can
 work the plans out. I could never pass down an opportunity
 like this so easily. It allows me a chance to get out of this
 forsaken hellhole once in a while. God only knows how often
 I can go on my salary.” “It’s a shame,” the woman mused,
 “that someone with your amount of experience in this eld
 hasn’t even gotten a transfer to a better post yet.” “Well,”
 Waterford replied, “remember that I’m only here part time.
 This post at the museum is only a small slice of the wide
 experience. I’m only here on call; I have other places to go to
 and other people to see for the same reason. Now, if I could
 get a permanent job outside this town, that’d be excellent.
 Now if you need anything else, you may kindly follow me into
 my o ce.” “That’s alright,” replied the woman in the cocktail
 dress, “I’ll leave you to your work, professor.” Waterford
 sauntered into his o ce and switched on the light. The same
 as he had last left it. He went around to his desk and took the
 seat.
There wasn’t much work to catch up with today. Just con rm
 clientele appointments and forward some cheques to his
 bank account. He took payment up front, but always cashed
 a cheque after con rmation – you never know if your
 customer changes his mind. The pickiness of some of his
 clientele had helped him shape a ‘no satisfaction’ policy
 regards service. It actually saved him more money than it
 cost him. He picked up the phone and dialed the number
 without even looking at the pad. Not a sign of customer
 familiarity – he simply had what some would call an ‘almost’
 photographic memory. The man was a walking phonebook.
 Riing. A small clack sounded at the other end of the line.
 “Hello?” a gru voice queried. “It’s Lucas, Jerry. Just calling to
 con rm your appointment.” “Yes, I’ll be sending you that
 cheque as soon as possible, Lucas.” “Good. I have your
 appointment booked for two weeks from now. I’ll be looking
 forward to assessing that Victorian credenza you’ve been
 telling me about.” “Indeed, Professor. See you soon.” Clack.
 The next few rounds of customers went smoothly. They were
 all scheduled for an appointment the month after the
 Historical Summit. He needed time in between then to
 prepare a plan for his client he was going to represent at the
 Summit
