This is a short-story revolving around three main characters; the Doctor, his pet
 robot, and a villain who tries to take over his lab (and eventually the world). I
 originally wrote this story as a series of small chapters in July 2004 when I was ten
 and distributed said content on a child-oriented forum which catered to a small
 community that I left in 2006. I revised the grammar and spelling in August 2011
 after deciding the material was worth disseminating to a larger audience that could
 appreciate its worth. The original was in much needed revision, so here is the
 complete, remastered version. Enjoy

One early Monday morning, Dr. Frantic was still creating new chips for everyone to
 collect. “Dr. Frantic?” his pet robot called. “Yes, Kablooey?”  “I'm sur ng through the
 internet to check my email.” “Why are you bothering me like this at a time where I
 have to work?” “Hey, you can't blame me for everything, you know.” “Maybe I can.
 Who deleted all my email?” “Oops. I'm in big trouble…” “Did you do this, Kablooey?”
 “Um… no.” “I know you did, Kablooey.” “Alright, I'm going to explode and get out of
 here!” A deafening boom resounded. Kablooey was nowhere to be seen. Dr.
 Frantic called for her. “Kablooey! Where are you?” Dr. Frantic paused and found a
 letter on the oor. The letter read as follows:
“Dear Dr. Frantic,
 Pleased to meet you. Allow me introduce myself to you! I am Fenly Fowl. Owner of
 Doom Range Corporation, and I want to have your lab, Dr. Frantic. If you don't
 hand over your lab, I'll kill you.”

 Dr. Frantic was stunned. His site-kick must've written that letter as a joke. But he
 just had to nd out. First, he scanned the letter on to his computer. The computer
 deemed the letter as authentic, but not written by his robot. He didn't believe his
 eyes. He quickly checked his computer’s memory le and everything seemed ne.
 Then it dawned on him that he had to track down his site-kick and save his lab…
 and himself. So, Dr. Frantic tracked down Kablooey’s current area and mapped it
 out. He found his wallet with $100.00 inside and went to the nearest hardware
 store. He purchased some items to help him retrieve his lost robot. He nished the
 excursion quickly and marched outside to the curb, where his vehicle was waiting
 for him. The computer was continually feeding systems data to the doctor.
 “Current hover-power is at one hundred percent. Now taking lift off.”

 The doctor noticed a small yellow dot on the radar. But his site-kick was blue, not
 yellow. He moved on. Suddenly, he saw the person’s company that threatened to
 kill him. He landed his hover-pod at the curb. The computer asked him to enter the
 entry code. Dr. Frantic pulled out the scanned letter and then entered the code.
 “Entry approved. You may enter.” The doctor knew who Fowl was, which rendered
 his initial introduction in the letter to him redundant. He was his long-time friend.
 But when he refused to join Fowl’s evil cabal in favour of more important matters,
 he became so angry; his heart was lled with hatred for the doctor. That was in the
 past now though. What mattered at the moment was his robot’s well-being. A
 security camera recorded Dr. Frantic’s every move, even his words, as there was a
 tape recorder. Fenly red Laser On. He dodged the laser. “This is more dangerous
 then I thought!”


 Dr. Frantic franticly ran to the center of the laser's computer. He hacked into the
 computer and entered the code to deactivate the lasers. He then destroyed the
 center of the lab via dynamite, creating a deafening explosion. It reminded him of
 Kablooey. He remembered his mission and continued in his search to rescue her.
 An inconspicuous door in front of the doctor opened. He went inside the dark
 room and got out his match light, lit it, and sought Kablooey. Signs near him read:
 “Warning: Highly sensitive cameras are recording you in the Site-kick Chip
 Chamber.” Dr. Frantic realized that Fenly wanted his robot’s micro-chips, but for
 what, and how was he going to do that? A voice came on the intercom. “The tapes
 are watching you, Dr. Frantic.” Suddenly, a huge chamber surrounded him. He was
 trapped. “Oh, no!” he whispered. He saw his robot in a chamber with all thousands
 of other robots, perhaps millions!


“So, you see my plan, Frantic,” Fowl explained, “I'm going to enter your robot’s
 install ring and take her micro-chips out. Once I fuse all of their chips together, I'll
 have formed the most perfect robot in history!” “But why do you want the perfect
 robot?” the doctor asked. “Once I merge myself with the perfect robot, I’ll be
 controlling it, invoking its powers so I can rule the world. Nothing’s impossible to
 fuse with my Fuse-o-matic 10,000. I will demonstrate with this robot rst. I'll open
 its interior. Then, extract the micro-chips, and place them into the container. Once
 I have every chip in history, I'll fuse them together to make one chip, which will be
 my robot’s core. I'll merge together with my robot, invoking its powers so I can rule
 the world!” “We’ll see, Fenly,” remarked the doctor. “We’ll see.” The doctor threw a
 stick of dynamite and busted the cage’s lock. The robots were charging outside like
 an angry bull stampede.

 “Computer, activate back-up!” Fenly commanded at his computer. Every robot was
 vacuumed back into an indecipherable code-chamber. Fenly kicked the doctor in
 the stomach and broke his visor. “So you think you can defeat me, eh? Well, you're
 wrong, fool.” Fenly took another kick at him, then spat on him and stopped. Dr.
 Frantic was in worse shape then ever! Kablooey, who happened to know the code
 for the lock secretly, got out, leaving the other robots. She took him onto the
 hover-pod and drove away. 

Kablooey activated her ‘heal chip’ and brought the
 doctor back into consciousness. “Hmm…where am I?” Hey, Doc! You're safe with
 me now! Don't worry! I have a plan to stop Fenly in his tracks.” “Didn't you hear
 him, Kablooey? He wants to kill me. Once he's done that, he'll take over my lab.”
 “Worse than that, he’ll take over the world.” Kablooey saw Fenly catching up with
 the hover-pod. He threw a bomb at them, but missed. “Ha!” laughed Kablooey.
 Fenly was angry. Fenly jumped out of her pod and landed on the one towards him.
 Fenly was in the front seat trying to take over control. 

Kablooey pushed him to the side, but Fenly pushed her out of the way. Taking over control, he headed back
 towards the chamber. “You'll never get away with this!” yelled Frantic. But Fenly
 ignored that overused cliché. Kablooey managed to shove Fenly again. But he was
 too fed up. He punched Kablooey and she went ying, resounding in another
 explosion. Frantic stood up and punched Fenly in the nose. He didn’t phase. There
 was no visible injury. It became clear that Fenly was immortal! Fenly drove back to
 the Chip Chamber and locked up the doctor. “Now you won’t be able to foil my
 plans. Besides, it's only a matter of time before--” his gloating ended abruptly. An
 explosion damaged the entire chamber. It was Kablooey!

 Fenly kicked her and she was knocked out. Then he kicked Dr. Frantic ten times
 each in the nose and stomach, punched his face, broke his visors, and then threw
 a bomb at him. The doctor was sent ying out of the chamber from the resulting
 explosion. The doctor was dead at last. Fenly ran up to the dead doctor and ran
 over his body with a truck. There was silence. Suddenly, Kablooey came back, but it
was no ordinary Kablooey. She appropriately referred to herself as ‘Extreme
 Kablooey’. She was combined with all the robots in the world. Kablooey was at the
 core of the robot. “Bring it on!” she said. Without answer, Fenly fused all of his
 chips together into one. He then fused himself with his merged robot at the core.
 Now Fenly, who evolved into ‘Oblivion’, red a sizeable energy attack at her, who
 evolved into ‘Hope’.

 She dodged the attack, which caused yet another sizeable and loud explosion. The
 chamber roof and left side went out with a huge bang. “We’ve just begun.” said
 Fenly, throwing a sinister smile at her.  “Bring it on, you hunk of metal.” Kablooey
 charged at Fenly, Fenly dodged and she rammed into the walls of the chamber.
 Fenly threw a bomb at her, but missed. This time, it blew up the roof and right wall
 of the chamber, accompanied by another set of explosions. Fenly raised one of his
 hands up to the sky. He charged a humongous energy attack toward it, rising up
 from his hands into the sky like a rocket. “I just launched my ultimate attack.” “That
 was your ultimate attack?” retorted Kablooey. “Seems childish.” Kablooey looked
 up and noticed a white dot slowly expanding in the sky, then another one, and
 another one. "Uh-oh", she panicked.

 "Falling meteors!"  Fenly yelled. An entire medley of energy meteors came crashing
 down on her with powerful force.  An entire plethora of meteors came crashing
 down on her. After the dust cleared, Fenly saw Kablooey utterly damaged at the
 core. Parts were rusty, half of her face was damaged, and oil was leaking
 everywhere. Her right arm was incapacitated, and her legs paralyzed. "That was a
 pretty darn powerful attack, Fenly. But you can't stop me." She charged a
 humongous energy attack at him. Fenly lost his right arm, left leg, and left side of
 his face. Then she had enough power left in her to knock him out. Kablooey won.
 She couldn't believe it. She rushed over to Doctor Frantic and revived him. There
 was no more blood, no longer any fatal injuries. Everything was restored to
 normal. “Kablooey, you saved the world!” exclaimed Frantic. “I know, Doc. I know.”

 THE END
