 I had not ever been in the capacity before to speak about this
 incident and think to walk away with my life intact. As the
 incident presently being alluded to is one quite strange, I
 imagine it would be su cient to simply refer to it from now
 on as 'the Incident' when I am referring to an isolated
 instance between myself and a particular fellow, and 'the
 Stranger' when I refer to the curious character I had
 encountered in my travels to various places around town -
henceforth where these incidents took place -- that took the
 role of instigating these happenings. Or perhaps, I am the
 instigator, for it seems I'm walking into his path, and he
 simply observes, not moving, as I move closer and closer
 towards him. I had met this stranger several times before, yet
 at all times, only brie y, and at most, exchanging a quick
 glance or being the passive recipient of a few hushed words. I
 must say now, I have never found myself in the opportunity
 to return any meaningful dialogue to this man simply
 because the encounters are too brief -- merely passing
 moments in time, a blink of an eye. But despite this, my
 memory of each encounter is etched into my mind, each one
 as vivid as the one that preceded it.

 This stranger is not by any means your normal anonymous
 passerby. He sees me, yet I don't catch him. He eludes my
 tracing eye, and yet he appears to follow me wherever I go,
 no matter what distance I cover. He is there one moment,
 and gone the next. The rst few occasions were enough to
 signify that they were odd, but harmless enough to shrug o
 as the product of the occasional slip-up of the mind. That
 which we have no control over. These encounters, however,
 were more than occasional, in spite of the fact they were
 unexpected. It's like knowing you could die at any moment a possible reality, yet an outcome one wishes to dismiss as a
 hypothetical. Perhaps death is a crude example to use: these
 encounters are numerous, unlike death, and with the passing
 of each, I slowly unravel into a more unnerved state of mind
 in anxious anticipation of when the next dreaded occurrence
 will take place. I would not say this if it weren't for the simple
 fact, that the inspiration of this account derives from a single
 incident, which I have introduced as simply 'the Incident'.
 Had it not been for this particular occurrence, I would not
 nd myself curled up, writhing in fear of knowing that these
 encounters, once a rare peculiarity, had been increasing in
 menacing frequency from after this date.
 I don't recall what day it was, or what time it was that this
 fateful meeting took place. Such minute details are rendered
 trivial in the shadow of such a menacing event. I should note
 that by the time it took place, I had already possessed an
 accustomed familiarity with the unconventional -- I worked as
 a manager of a curiosity shop down south, taking in various
 trinkets warned to be hexed by their owners, yet not
 experiencing any of these foreboding e ects they claimed to
 surely deliver. I only recall what I will henceforth recount. I
 had been sitting in my room, reading an article discerning
 between euthanasia and assisted suicide in terms of their
 ethical implications. From the corner of my eye, I spotted a
 hooded man.
 Turning around to catch a better glimpse of him, I saw he had
 on nothing more than a scarlet hood, which looked to have
 been painted such by the blood of perished enemies, as
 inferred by the splatter that slowly tricked down the side of
 his hood over onto his face -- which played host to a pair of
 indi erent steel gray eyes, staring right past me, matching
 well with the stoic expression on his member, not at all
 bothered by the splatter. The entire lower half of his body
 was conspicuously absent. In one hand, he carried a toned
 copper ail, which had seen its days of battle. Its head from
 which a rusted chain was attached dangled aimlessly in the
 air. His left hand bore a single gold ring that ashed in the
 light. The items he carried with him struck me as having a far
 more corporeal existence than this apparition himself. I
 wondered how he could manage such a feat of bearing the
 load of these objects under what seemed to be thin air.
 And then I saw it. It was a silver, curved scimitar, which also
 gleamed, despite the fact that the light in the room was very
 dim -- I was planning to rest. I had no words for what I saw,
 much less any ability to sound out my amazement. The blade
 was perfect in form, sporting an unfamiliar, oblong crest
 insignia on its sheath and on its own member. A pulsating
 light trailed its frame as I paused to steal a glance at it, and
 then faded, as if its purpose was to catch my attention,
 deemed itself a job well done, and left o without further
 incident. I looked back up to the gure before me, imposing
 in stature. I summoned up my courage and rose up to speak
 to it, but he himself rose up into the ceiling and faded into
 nothingness before I could express a single word of
 admonition. This whole event took no more than 10
seconds. A sudden weakness overtook my legs and I
 collapsed into my chair, breathing a sigh of relief that I didn't
 have to face the consequences of my bravery.
 I thought about what happened. Thoughts buzzed around in
 my mind like jittery insects in a nervous frenzy.
 This man -- this pale stranger -- had appeared and sustained
 his presence for no more than a moment's passing time. That
 was a sure fact, wasn't it? Yes -- this wasn't a hallucination. It
 was too real to be a mere product of my mind. No, I thought
 to myself. I need to think. Really think about this.Calm down
 rst. My chest had been methodically pumping up and down
 with each hurried breath I took, rising quickly, and sinking
 slowly. I soon became aware that this pumping was an
 unconscious act, and sought to relieve the aching pressure
 by gradually taking slower and deeper breaths.
 My pulsating heart was thumping steadfast against my
 ribcage, and soon returned to a slow, somber beat. I looked
 around and saw that the entire room was empty with the
 obvious exception of myself. Okay, I thought to myself, let's
 try this again. It was a fact that at the very least, my mind
 witnessed something. This does not mean that I had actually
 witnessed it, for my mind would be registering something
 physical. This something was not physical in any way, shape,
 or form. Was it intangible? In the supernatural realm, even
 intangible beings require some form of interaction to verify
 that they actually exist. Alright, I reasoned, so it's possible
 that I encountered an intangible being.
 I mulled through the other options out loud, given that no
 one present was there to lend an ear to my seeming
 incoherency anyhow. It was not a hallucination, I reasoned,
 because I hadn't ingested any hallucinogens, and I didn't feel
 feverish or sleep deprived, as I was just about to retire to
 bed. I felt the touch of the paper I was reading within the
 grasp of my hands. I hadn't taken notice that it was there,
 really. I quickly threw it to the oor, scattering its contents
 across the room. I couldn't a ord distractions, no matter how
 placid they seemed. I took a nal wavering breath in e ort to
 collect my thoughts. Yep, I thought. Whatever that thing was,
 it was real.
 This was the rst time I'd experienced anything like this. I had
 no history of mental illness. No recollection of taking any
 drugs or vision-inducing medicines. ...Do those even exist?
 "Well," I muttered, shaking my head, "well." I carefully
 removed my spectacles and dabbed at them with the edge of
 my shirt before replacing them into their case. I edged
 around the clock to see what time it was. Ten-thirty at night.
 Hmph. I made the way to my bed. "The crypt awaits my
 welcoming warmth," I whispered. That's funny, I thought.
 Why'd I say that? "Nervousness," I muttered in answer,
 "simply nervousness." And with that acknowledgment, I
 dropped myself straight onto the bed, and drifted o to
 sleep.
